Angostura rum has pulled an ad after it
received a lot of criticism for
promoting rape now the print ad featured
a man looking like he's trying to seduce
a woman and in text it said avoid the
friendzone offer her a real drink and
then underneath it says we know good
taste okay so the added in question
we'll put it up in just a second has
been taken down they're no longer using
it for commercial use I'm wondering
whether or not this could really be
interpreted as something that encourages
rape it says avoid and I said avoid the
friendzone offer a real drink so the
idea is you're getting her more drunk
and that is implies you know that she
behavior she won't be coherent enough to
consent to sex you can have whatever you
want like I don't so many different ways
to read it because you can easier it as
oh my god he bought me a miller lite
what a cheap ass exactly buy a real
drink that's a real good drink it's a
nice smooth and she's thinking oh this
guy he spends money I like him instead
of beer he's giving me champagne this is
a real drink so yeah actually when I
first read the ad that's what I
initially thought of so it the thing is
it could be interpreted in both ways
which is why the company decided to let
GG take that down yeah look they got
heat for so they're gonna take it down
immediately it doesn't matter so but
what's your take on it let's assume that
it meant like pyre by her strong drink
does that lean towards suggesting rape
if it's if they are specifically saying
buy her a strong drink then I think that
it could be suggestive definitely yeah
no I don't agree with that at all Matt
looks okay look I think maybe realistic
so look here's the thing right so if you
if a woman is incapacitated or well
anywhere near it and you go in that
direction you don't have real consent
everybody agrees it's rape and totally a
million percent unacceptable that's
obvious right but the flipside to that
is it's not a really a flipside it's
everything but that doesn't mean that
you could never buy a woman a drink or
you can't buy her a strong drink or that
men across this country aren't trying to
get women drunk 24/7 which
they are and if you called all that rape
you'd have to arrest like a minimum 1/4
the people in the country I mean isn't
that reality yeah but look it definitely
suggests like if you give her a strong
drink then she won't think straight and
then you can get in her pants you know
what I mean like she's yeah but that's
what guys have been thinking for like
it's not the right way to think though
is that okay like is it okay to
purposely get women drunk so you can get
into their pants when you know that if
she's not drunk she's probably not gonna
sleep with you yeah I guess I'm gonna
say something really controversial err I
guess in the year 2013 it's become
really controversial I say yes it is
okay okay like part of getting drunk is
twofold okay you get drunk and hence you
get the confidence to approach women you
can say oh you suck you're a loser you
shouldn't need that confidence okay I
know you're better than everybody else
and okay and you've got no problem but a
lot of guys do feel that need right now
I didn't drink until I was 22 and I
hooked up with plenty of women right
it wasn't easier to hook up with women
after I got drunk yeah the first night I
get drunk everybody's drunk boom
immediately it's one thing if the woman
is willing to play ball right and I've
been in situations like that where it's
like I want to get drunk right so I'll
order the strong drink or he'll offer
the strong drink I know what I'm getting
myself into and I'll do it right but if
you're like purposely going out of your
way to make sure that she gets drunk but
is you're gonna try to sleep one night
that's I I don't think that that's right
okay now but you're painting an absurd
scenario in which I of course agree with
you if she's not willing to drink and
you're forcing to drink that of course
that's wrong of course that's wrong if
you're slipping her things that's wrong
everybody knows that's just English
slipping her things but if if the ad
said something like Oh
make sure you offer her a strong drink
you know what I mean that ad is suggest
that you're gonna try to get the woman
to do something when she's a little
incoherent or what she's no so so
there's an important distinction there
would I be against that if I was that
company I would say no that's it's not
the right message we want to send and
even if I wasn't in the company I'd say
look I'd pull that out that's not that's
not the right way to go okay because
it's too suggestive
but is it suggestive of rape I think
that's way over the line because then if
you're going to call that rape then like
I said every frat party in the country
should have a hundred squad cars around
it because I can't believe the guys are
trying to get the girls to get drunk of
course they are of course they are
that's not look and you can say hey they
shouldn't do that I don't agree with
that but you can't suggest it's rape
unless the woman is incapacitated you've
done something against their will etc
all these things in which case I come a
million percent on your side okay that's
fair that that I agree with okay so
maybe it's not suggestive of rape but
there are definitely like ethical issues
there when you have an ad saying like
make sure you get her drunk because if
you do it'll increase your chances of
getting into our pants like if people
are offended by that then of course they
have all the right to be offended by
that yeah in this particular AB the one
that just got taken down I had no
problem with it yes it could be
interpreted in two different ways but I
don't think that they meant it to seem
like oh it's okay to rape women or
anything like that so I didn't have a
problem with this ad but I do have a
problem with make sure you offer her a
strong drink that you can definitely
consider a little questionable